Added new kb article calendar-kb-customize-multiview-header (#2625)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/calendar-kb-customize-multiview-header.md

---
title: Customize Month Headers in MultiView Calendar
description: Learn how to display the month name above each view in a MultiView Calendar using a custom header template and CSS in Telerik UI for Blazor.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Customize Month Headers in Telerik UI for Blazor MultiView Calendar
slug: calendar-kb-customize-multiview-header
tags: telerik, blazor, calendar, multiview
res_type: kb
ticketid: 1672888
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>Calendar for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

How to customize the header of a MultiView Calendar to display the month name above each month view?

## Solution

> To display the month name above each view in a MultiView Calendar, use the [`HeaderTemplate`]({%slug calendar-templates-header%}) of the TelerikCalendar and apply custom CSS for styling for label positioning. The following example demonstrates how to achieve this customization. Note that it is applicable only for a horizontal layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the month name above each view in a MultiView Calendar, use the [`HeaderTemplate`]({%slug calendar-templates-header%}) of the TelerikCalendar and apply custom CSS for styling for label positioning. The following example demonstrates how to achieve this customization. Note that the suggested approach is applicable only for `Horizontal` Calendar `Orientation`.
```
